How we met
----------

I had recently become the President of the Student Senate at Finger Lakes Community College and was urged by my adviser Thomas Priester to attend the Annual ACUI conference that was being hosted in our very own city of Rochester. I was ecstatic to meet with other student leaders from across New York state and attend leadership sessions, but I wasn’t expecting to meet the love of my life. I recall Victoria mentioning how she would be doing a spelling bee competition, and how I (trying to play it super cool) ended up waiting for almost an hour before she showed up. The next day we spent a bunch of time together and did some leadership sessions and tours together, but soon after the conference ended. I was both shocked and very pleasantly surprised when Victoria friended me on Facebook not too long after and it wouldn’t be till another year before I would be invited out to SUNY Oneonta to be her date for their Halloween dance that she and I would officially start dating.

How I proposed
--------------

I eventually graduated college and managed to land a wonderful job down in the city while Victoria continued her education to be a teacher. Along the way we acquired a few pets, and a few apartments, all the while becoming closer and growing our new family. It was April, and I had been hanging onto Victoria’s engagement ring for almost a whole month before I had set up a brunch that would be a cover for me to propose to Victoria in Grand Central Terminal. The plan almost blew right up in my face on the way into the city as I have the ring in my suit jacket pocket that was hung up on a coat rack and Victoria began touching the jacket and noticed me visibly flinch as she almost touched the pocket that the ring was in! After a wonderful meal with our very good friend (and favorite photographer Ben Helmer) we headed back to Grand Central where I finally got down on one knee and asked Victoria if she would make me the happiest guy on earth and marry me.

Some people have asked why I chose Grand Central Terminal for my location to propose to Victoria. While the location itself is very beautiful, the relationship that Victoria and I had for a large portion of when we were dating required us to travel long distances to see one another. Whether it was the three hour drive when we were both in college, or the two hour drive when I stayed with my Aunt, distance was never a factor that could keep us apart. It was due to this that we chose Grand Central Terminal as ‘our’ spot. It serves as both the end of our journey of being boyfriend and girlfriend, and our departure on a new journey of becoming man and wife.
